added env override doc (#208)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc

spec:
  clusterRef:
    name: simple-zk
----

== Configuration & Environment Overrides

The cluster definition also supports overriding configuration properties and environment variables, either per role or per role group, where the more specific override (role group) has precedence over the less specific one (role).

> IMPORTANT: Do not override port numbers. This will lead to faulty installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Do not override port numbers. This will lead to cluster malfunction.
```
